Add NPC, minigame, and dungeon spot map test plans (#125)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/lecturer-interface/u-lecturer-interface-18-npcs-maps.md

> # Lecturer-Interface: NPC maps (`u.lecturer-interface-18`)

Author: they are still missing, will add them soon

Version: V1.0, 17.08.2022 \
Author: Florian Wüst, Gilian Rehm

## Description

The maps showing the positions of all NPCs of an area are correct.

## Precondition

> All NPCs in the area are configurated and a map is created and displayed in the lecturer interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maps showing all NPC spots of an area exist for all areas and are displayed in the lecturer interface at the appropriate location.
```

## Postcondition

N/A

## Typical procedure

> 1. All world maps show the correct NPC positions
> 2. All dungeon maps show the correct NPC positions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For all world maps, the NPC spots displayed are up to date with the current state of the world in the overworld
2. For all dungeon maps, the NPC spots displayed are up to date with the current state of the dungeon in the overworld
```
